program/03_groupingreshaping.md, before:

[Overview](./00_overview.md) |
[Intro](./01_intro.md) |
[Munging](./02_munging.md) |
[Grouping & Reshaping](./03_groupingreshaping.md) |
[Explaining Data](./04_explainingdata.md) |
[How Might We...](./05_howmightwe.md)  |
[Closeout](./06_closeout.md)

# Grouping and Reshaping Data

### Step 1: Grouping, Pivoting, Resampling and Aggregating

| 30 min |
| ------ |

`df.groupby`

`pd.pivot_table`


| :triangular_flag_on_post: Is everyone up to speed? How are people going? |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

Synchronise code and swap over.

### Step 2: Statistical Distribution from Regrouped Data

Use `df.groupby` to generate groups of data to summarise and both `df.describe` method for basic descriptive stats and then scipy.stats to fit a distribution to the group.

| :triangular_flag_on_post: Is everyone up to speed? How are people going? |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

Synchronise code and swap over.

[Overview](./00_overview.md) |
[Intro](./01_intro.md) |
[Munging](./02_munging.md) |
[Grouping & Reshaping](./03_groupingreshaping.md) |
[Explaining Data](./04_explainingdata.md) |
[How Might We...](./05_howmightwe.md)  |
[Closeout](./06_closeout.md)

Commit message:

Update program, add agg.py for AQ data

program/03_groupingreshaping.md, after:

[Overview](./00_overview.md) |
[Intro](./01_intro.md) |
[Munging](./02_munging.md) |
[Grouping & Reshaping](./03_groupingreshaping.md) |
[Explaining Data](./04_explainingdata.md) |
[How Might We...](./05_howmightwe.md)  |
[Closeout](./06_closeout.md)

# Grouping and Reshaping Data

### Step 1: Grouping, Pivoting, Resampling and Aggregating

| 30 min |
| ------ |

We'll be working with the notebook titled
['am2-data-qaqc'](../notebooks/am2-data-qaqc.ipynb).

`df.groupby`

`pd.pivot_table`


| :triangular_flag_on_post: Is everyone up to speed? How are people going? |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

Synchronise code and swap over.

### Step 2: Statistical Distribution from Regrouped Data

Use `df.groupby` to generate groups of data to summarise and both `df.describe` method for basic descriptive stats and then scipy.stats to fit a distribution to the group.

| :triangular_flag_on_post: Is everyone up to speed? How are people going? |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

Synchronise code and swap over.

[Overview](./00_overview.md) |
[Intro](./01_intro.md) |
[Munging](./02_munging.md) |
[Grouping & Reshaping](./03_groupingreshaping.md) |
[Explaining Data](./04_explainingdata.md) |
[How Might We...](./05_howmightwe.md)  |
[Closeout](./06_closeout.md)
